[OSDOCS#17050]: CQA 2.0 Multi-Architecture Compute Node Creation (#112721)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multi-architecture-configuration.adoc

Configuring multi-architecture compute machines involves some additional considerations:

* When there are nodes with multiple architectures in your cluster, the architecture of the container image that you deploy to a node must be consistent with the architecture of that node. You need to ensure that the pod is assigned to the node with the appropriate architecture and that it matches the container image architecture. For more information on assigning pods to nodes, see "Assigning pods to nodes".

* In installer-provisioned installations, you are restricted to using the infrastructure provided by a single cloud provider. Adding external nodes, regardless of their architecture, to these clusters is not supported.

* Clusters that are installed with the platform type `none` are unable to use some features, such as managing compute machines with the Machine API. This limitation applies even if the compute machines that are attached to the cluster are installed on a platform that would normally support the feature. This parameter cannot be changed after installation.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Review the information in the "guidelines for deploying {product-title} on non-tested platforms" before you attempt to install an {product-title} cluster in virtualized or cloud environments.

Reviewer: When I had this exact note in my docs, I saw that the link destination had a different title than "guidelines for...". I would suggest rewriting this slightly:

```suggestion
See "Deploying OpenShift 4.x on non-tested platforms using the bare metal install method" before you attempt to install an {product-title} cluster in virtualized or cloud environments.
```

* xref:../../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-z-kvm.adoc#creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-z-kvm[Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name} with {op-system-base} KVM]

* xref:../../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power.adoc#creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power[Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on {ibm-power-name}]

// Verifying cluster compatibility
include::modules/multi-architecture-verifying-cluster-compatibility.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* xref:../../updating/updating_a_cluster/migrating-to-multi-payload.adoc#migrating-to-multi-payload[Migrating to a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources

* link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/[Assigning pods to nodes]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4207611[guidelines for deploying {product-title} on non-tested platforms] 

Reviewer: Similar to the change above, I would update this link text to reflect the actual destination title: 
```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4207611[Deploying OpenShift 4.x on non-tested platforms using the bare metal install method (Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase article] 
```
